```
                          ____                  _         _     
   ____ _____  ____  ____/ / /_  ____  __  __  (_)___    (_)___ 
  / __ `/ __ \/ __ \/ __  / __ \/ __ \/ / / / / / __ \  / / __ \
 / /_/ / /_/ / /_/ / /_/ / /_/ / /_/ / /_/ / / / /_/ / / / /_/ /
 \__, /\____/\____/\__,_/_.___/\____/\__, /_/ /\____/_/ /\____/ 
/____/                              /____/___/     /___/        

 
```

Hey there, I’m JoJo!

I’m here to share my love for all things gaming, comics, anime and tech. Gaming has been a huge part of my life for as long as I can remember. From nostalgic nights with retro classics to the thrill of playing the latest AAA titles, I'm always on a quest for the next great adventure. 

Whether I'm exploring vast open worlds,diving deep into immersive RPGs or playing an small indie game gaming is my ultimate escape. When I'm not gaming, you'll probably find me lost in the pages of a comic book. The blend of art and storytelling never ceases to amaze me. From superhero sagas to indie gems, I love discovering new stories and characters that push the boundaries of imagination. And then there’s anime my gateway to incredible worlds and unforgettable characters.

Shows like "My Hero Academia," "Inuyasha," and "cowboy bebop" fuel my passion for epic tales and fantastic adventures. I’m always on the lookout for the next series to binge-watch and discuss with fellow fans. On this blog, I'll be sharing my thoughts on the latest games, comic book reviews, anime, and tech stuff. Join me as I dive into these amazing worlds and talk about the typical nerd stuff.

this internet traveler, JoJo 

=> /reviews/reviews.gmi reviews
=> blog blog
=> https://goodboyjojo.com my website
